Now let's look at an Agile estimating process in a prescriptive approach.
That is, step by step.
Let's start with an overview of the technique for making an Agile estimate.
Step by step.
First, you collect your user stories.
Second, estimate size of the user story using story points.
Prioritize your user stories by using the story points again.
Determine your iteration deliverables.
Determine your velocity.
Develop an Agile schedule.
Perform re-estimation.
And lastly best practice framework.
So let's cover each of these steps in more detail in the following slides.
So first, collect your user stories.
Through discussions with your customer or product
manager you collect user stories.
These are brief statements of the intent or need that the
system must do for a particular user or users.
And they're written in the user's own words.
They're not technical in nature.
You want them focused on the value or result they get from doing this thing.
User stories help bridge the gap between customers and developers.
Now I call your attention to the right is a little template
I like to use to create user stories.
So, as a role, I want to achieve a goal so that I get some benefit.
For example, as a student, I want to enroll in courses,
so that I can get a bachelor's degree.
Something like that.
So here's a simple list and a sample of user stories following the template.
Enable customers to have credit card purchases to increase sales.
So the role is customers, the goal is to be able to do credit card purchases,
and the benefit is to increase sales.
The next example is enable suppliers to print shipping labels to save on costs.
So, the role is suppliers, the goal is to print shipping labels,
and the benefit is of course to save on costs.
You might want to check out my companion Pluralsight course,
Best Practices for Requirements Gathering in which I go
into more detail on user stories.
Remember user stories are not software or technical in nature at all. Now let's go on to the next step.